chore: change point normal to surface normal (#394)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/how-monty-works/observations-transforms-sensor-modules.md

- The output of both SMs and LMs is a State class instance containing information about pose relative to the body and detected features at that pose. This is the input that any LM expects.

## Features Extracted by the Sensor Module
In this implementation, some features are extracted using all of the information in the sensor patch (e.g. locations of all points in the patch for surface normal and curvature calculation) but then refer to the center of the patch (e.g. only the curvature and surface normal of the center are returned). At the moment all the feature extraction is predefined but in the future, one could also imagine some features being learned.

## Surface Normals and Principle Curvatures

> We can use the surface normal and principal curvature to define the orientation of the sensor patch. The following video describes what those represent.

Reviewer: Just because the video currently calls it point normal and that will be a point of confusion until we create a new video.

```suggestion
We can use the surface normal (previously referred to as point-normal) and principal curvature to define the orientation of the sensor patch. The following video describes what those represent.
```

- The output of both SMs and LMs is a State class instance containing information about pose relative to the body and detected features at that pose. This is the input that any LM expects.

## Features Extracted by the Sensor Module
In this implementation, some features are extracted using all of the information in the sensor patch (e.g. locations of all points in the patch for surface normal and curvature calculation) but then refer to the center of the patch (e.g. only the curvature and surface normal of the center are returned). At the moment all the feature extraction is predefined but in the future, one could also imagine some features being learned.

## Surface Normals and Principle Curvatures

> The main feature we extract in the Sensor Module is the pose, which consist primarily of the _surface normal_ and the two _principle curvature_ vectors. These three vectors are orthogonal to each other, where the surface normal is the vector perpendicular to the surface and pointing away from the object, and the two principal curvature vectors point in the directions of the greatest and least curvature of the surface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Sensor Module needs to extract a pose from the sensory input it receives. This pose can be defined by the _surface normal_ and the two _principle curvature_ vectors. These three vectors are orthogonal to each other, where the surface normal is the vector perpendicular to the surface and pointing away from the object, and the two principal curvature vectors point in the directions of the greatest and least curvature of the surface.
```
